Update changelog.txt (#2828)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

**Invalid syntax in XML comments for NoPromptFailedError and NoTokensFoundError has now been fixed.** See issue [#2756](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2756)

> **MSAL.NET now enables confidential client apps to disable the internal cache semaphore by setting the `EnableCacheSynchronization` property to true**. This allows requests to bypass other requests that timeout, for example in the case of using a distributed cache. See PR [#2702](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/2702) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL.NET now allows confidential client apps to disable the internal cache semaphore by setting the `EnableCacheSynchronization` property to `false`**. This allows requests to bypass other requests that timeout, for example in the case of using a distributed cache. See PR [#2702](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/2702) for details.
```
